When
[the song]
gives me something to eat,   The
danger looks like a dark tree, the cow's tea, so they dream of excrement, there will be
stability, the
more tired they are, the more they will punch, never before, the cow gets hit by something, the
account is the same,
Jong Sri
[applause]
I'm probably covered in marks, all your
hands are the same as hers.   The
pole show that you
came to cut Kashuu things to watch with the media
[song] How do you
look at it? It's like you're not
listening
[song] The
star took me, I'm so
lucky.
Tiger,
Thai, you cut her, oh no,
brother, you let me help you with what's interesting
[song]
Just right, it's a pine tree, you're angry with me, there's
no goodness there for you, I
suggest [song]
Look at the monkey at the Thai link, deeply moved, the star.
Before the heart of the nation turned to filth, I, Bakfi Farmfer, a
prominent organization
[song],
suddenly
wanted to have you, my dear, as my partner.
August, bring the account to the finger, he got kicked out during
[song].
I gave it to him,
he reached the
pillar, the piece,
came low to the Chumsri
[song].
[Applause] How did you do it? You didn't
listen, you'll have to
listen alone
[song].
Oh,
wow, I never forgot you, walking along.
Buy it, you won't get anything, just a tiger amulet.
Amen.
[Song]
Whoever
buys it,
tell me, I'm interested, call me,
V-shaped.
[Song] I
used to
buy it like that, you won't get anything, feel sorry for me.
Let's just say Weaver, oh wow, hey
o o
[Song]
Jan